[Music]
According to information provided by the Chinese CDC as of January 28,
2020 the ages of confirmed cases ranged from 9 months to 96 years
According to the information provided by the who as of January 27, 2020, the
cases of dictations in countries other than China had an average age of 45 years
with a range between 2 and 74 years, with 71 percent of the cases being men
start of the outbreak no cases of children were described
subsequently, involvement has been described in children with mild symptoms or even
absence of symptoms that have been related to a dynamic of
intrafamily transmission the clinical picture varies from a picture
mild upper respiratory tract with one or more of the following symptoms dyspnea
cough sore throat and / or fever to severe pneumonia with sepsis
Kobe 19 cases can present asymptomatic four mild moderate or
severe pneumonia including acute respiratory distress syndrome sepsis and
septic shock the early edification of those with
severe manifestations allows optimized supportive treatments
immediate and safe admission or referral to the care unit
intensive according to regional or national protocols
the recognition of the severity in the presence of pneumonia is carried out
immediately in the initial evaluation if there is presence of insufficiency
respiratory oxygen structuring less than 90% breathing air
environment a respiratory rate greater than 30 breaths per minute a
More comprehensive evaluation of the severity of pneumonia will be performed by
scales such as curp and 65 scales that are useful in the initial decision of
specialization as support for clinical judgment data on severe
The severity of confirmed cases has varied over time.
which is common during outbreaks of emerging diseases in which
Initially, the most serious cases are detected and as it evolves, the
identify cases mild scale sofa sepsis wright organ file
assessment is used in severe pneumonia or sepsis mainly in the ICU to
quantify organ failure and for evolutionary monitoring
[Applause]